Use google-maps-routing in google_travel_time (#38018)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/google_travel_time.markdown

ha_integration_type: integration
---

The `google_travel_time` sensor provides travel time from the [Google Maps Routes API](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/routes/overview).

## Setup

You need to register for an API key by following the instructions [here](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/routes/get-api-key-v2). You only need to turn on the Routes API.

Google requires billing to be enabled (and a valid credit card loaded) to access Google Maps APIs. The Routes API currently provides 10,000 free requests. The sensor will update the travel time every 5 minutes, making approximately 288 calls per day. Note that at this rate, using more than 2 sensors may exceed the free credit limit. As the update frequency cannot be decreased, if you require more frequent data updates, consider triggering on-demand updates (see the automation example below).

> A quota can be set against the API to avoid exceeding the free credit amount. Set the 'Elements per day' to a limit of 322 or less. Details on how to configure a quota can be found [here](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/routes/report-monitor#quotas).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A quota can be set against the API to avoid exceeding the free credit amount. Set the **Elements per day** to a limit of 322 or less. Details on how to configure a quota can be found [here](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/routes/report-monitor#quotas).
```
we use bold to mark UI strings
